### Contributing to ScratchBuffer

Welcome and thanks for wanting to make contributions to ScratchBuffer!

The issue tracker is for reporting bugs or for suggesting new features or
enhancements, but that doesn't mean we're not interested in your thoughts,
comments and questions on ScratchBuffer.

You can get in touch via the following options:

 * Twitter: [@OdatNurd](https://twitter.com/OdatNurd)
 * Sublime Text Forum: [@OdatNurd](https://forum.sublimetext.com/users/odatnurd/activity)
 * [odatnurd.net](https://odatnurd.net)

Before filing a bug report or feature request, please first check the
[issue tracker](https://github.com/STealthy-and-haSTy/ScratchBuffer/issues)
to see if what you're experiencing or requesting has already been reported. If
so you can weigh in on the existing issue with any additional details or
information you might have to help fix the problem or guide development.


### Filing a bug

When reporting a bug in ScratchBuffer, please make sure that you outline not
only what you experienced but (if possible) a reproducible set of steps to
follow to cause the problem to occur. Being able to reproduce the problem is
the best way to ensure that it gets resolved as quickly as possible.

Since there are subtle behind the scenes differences between different versions
of Sublime Text, you should also indicate what build number of Sublime you're
running along with the operating system that you're running it under and an
indication of whether or not the file system on your operating system is case
sensitive or not (if you know).

You should also mention the version of ScratchBuffer that you're using, in case
the issue you're experiencing has already been fixed and is once again rearing
it's ugly head.


### Filing a feature request or enhancement

As great as ScratchBuffer undoubtedly is, there is always room for improvement!
The original set of features grew based on specific needs and is by no means
meant to be all encompassing. If you have an idea for something that could
enhance existing functionality or be added to make ScratchBuffer even more
useful, please let us know.

When filing a feature request try to provide a succinct description of what you
think the functionality should do. Depending on the feature you may also want
to provide a step by step list of the actions in Sublime/ScratchBuffer that
would lead to your requested feature being used, but this is not necessary.

We're committed to ensuring that ScratchBuffer works for everyone regardless of
the operating system they're running on, so when requesting a feature you don't
need to specify the environment you're running everything in (but we won't get
mad if you do).
